Update `GB Cup 2023 Spring` tournament article (#9342)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GBC/GBC_2023_Spring/en.md

| Level S | 2.3x + 30 |
| Level EX | 3.4x + 57 |

3. The final ranking of qualifier depends on the total points of all the 4 rounds. The top 24 players will be able to join playoff stage.

> 4. Top 8 players of final ranking will get into the winner bracket, top 9-24 players will get into the loser bracket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The top 8 will play in the winners' bracket, while the top 9–24 will play in the losers' bracket.
```

> 5. If there is a tie in final ranking, the player that have lower sum of ranks in every round will get higher final ranking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In case of a tie in the rankings, the player with a lower sum of ranks in every round will take the higher rank.
```

> 6. In the playoff stage, players need to win 6 beatmaps in QuarterFinals and SemiFinals to win, 7 beatmaps in Finals and Grand Finals to win.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the playoff stage, players need to win 6 beatmaps in order to win a match during Quarterfinals and Semifinals, and 7 beatmaps in the Finals and Grand Finals.
```

1. The organiser will invite some players from the EX group to participate in the playoffs.

> 2. There will be four separate mappools for each playoff round, with a varying number of beatmaps of different types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. There will be four separate mappools for each playoff round, with a varying number of beatmaps of different types:
```

>    - QuarterFinals and SemiFinals have 13 maps with 6RC, 3HB, 3LN and 1TB, winner of 11.
>    - Finals and Grand Finals have 15 maps with 7RC, 3HB, 4LN and 1TB, winner of 13.

Reviewer: the win conditions are already specified above

```suggestion

| Stage | Beatmaps |
| :-- | :-- |
| Quarterfinals & Semifinals | 6 RC, 3 HB, 3 LN, and 1 TB |
| Finals & Grand Finals | 7 RC, 3 HB, 4 LN, and 1 TB |

```

>    - Each mappool has one tiebreaker.

Reviewer: no longer needed

```suggestion
```
